Feature/UI memory (#687)
MicroEJ/docs: VEEPortingGuide/vgImage.rst

The Image module implements the MicroVG `ResourceVectorImage`_ framework. 

Filtered Image
--------------

MicroVG provides the API `VectorImage.filterImage()`_ to decline an image in another image using a 4x5 color matrix.
The resulting image is a copy of the original (plus color transformation) stored in the MicroUI :ref:`images_heap`.

> The implementation is responsible for the image's lifecycle: allocation and release (already implemented in the :ref:`section_vg_cco`).

Author: only available for MicroVG Over VGLite; doc updated

> The implementation is responsible for the image's lifecycle: allocation and release (already implemented in the :ref:`section_vg_cco`).

Reviewer: Perfect !

.. _section_vg_image_external:

External Memory
---------------

Principle
~~~~~~~~~

MicroVG provides the API `ResourceVectorImage.loadImage()`_.
This is an extension of the compile-time images (the concepts are exactly the same), but it allows a load of a RAW image stored in an external memory that is not byte-addressable.

When the image is stored in an external byte-addressable memory, the image cycle-life is identical as the compile-time image.

> However, when the image is stored the in an external memory which is not byte-addressable, the RAW image data must be copied into a byte-addressable memory to use it. 
> No data is stored in the Java heap: the image data should be copied into the MicroUI :ref:`images_heap`.
> The implementation is responsible for the image's lifecycle: allocation and release (already implemented in the :ref:`section_vg_cco`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For an image loaded from an external memory which is not byte-addressable, its data must be copied into byte-addressable memory before the image can be used for drawings.
By default (see :ref:`section_vg_cco`), the image data is copied into MicroUI :ref:`images_heap`.
```
